Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I'll send you money regularly.
What are you talking about?
You won't want for anything.
Why do you say this?
I'll never see you again.
Why?
It's for her safety.
Isn't it?
Please don't go. Stay with us.
Shh...
Please. stay.
Listen... stay.
Please.
You should forget me.
I'm not a good person.
Why are you saying this?
I killed your husband.
-Well?
-A girl.
Commander Manuel.
your Vampires are ready.
your Vampires are ready!
Let's go.
Let's go. run!
Come on. go!
Move. all of you!
Run. Vampires!
Move it!
Come on. everybody in!
Get in. fast!
Take your positions.
The other Leyra is getting inside.
The kitchen's clear.
Ready?
Get away from there!
No. asshole!
Don't hurt us. please!
- Move. asshole.
- Don't hurt us. please...
- Don't hurt us. please!
- Shut up.
Don't hurt us. don't hurt us...
- Jacinto! Jacinto!
- Please. no.
- Don't hurt us...
Get them outta here.
Please. no!
Wait. please.
Let go of her!
C'mon. let's go! Shut up.
I'll let your guests go.
I'm talking to you.
But your family stays.
If you collaborate.
nothing will happen to you.
I can give you 32 million immediately.
I'll make a call.
It'll be yours today.
But don't hurt us.
Call.
Put it on speaker.
- Hey.
Perfect timing. I just landed.
Where are we going to meet?
Sierra de Tulipanes. 383.
Colonia Garcia.
Okay. see you soon.
You did good. Thanks.
Get him outta here.
- Clean up this mess.
- Yes. boss.
- Hey.
- I'll go in alone.
Arrange that meeting
with your grandfather.
Hey.
Want a slice of salami?
Some wine?
Good idea. better not to drink
before killing grandpa.
Don Minu.
Your grandson is back.
He wants to see you.
Go get Stefano and bring him here.
Dad!
- My little guy!
Don't worry. okay?
Don't worry.
Stefano!
Ste'... What did they do to you?
Dad!
Don't worry. we'll look after them.
Stefano!
Stefano. don't go!
It's already loaded. Send my regards
to grandpa before you kill him.
Stefano!
- I'll go by myself. don't touch me.
- Get going. move it!
Let's go.
The ship leaves in five minutes.
Chris?
Where is my brother?
Where's my brother?
- They took him away.
- Who took him?
Italians.
They want the shipment.
-They... Please. untie me.
- Where did they take him?
Please. untie me.
please. untie me.
It's all right.
Where did they take him?
Chris told them it was
in our warehouse. Please! Untie me.
Wait here.
It's better if you wait here.
Just wait here.
Chris! Chris!
Fuck!
Welcome. ma'am.
Hello.
Your grandson killed my brother.
And he tried to stop the cargo.
If you were in my position.
what would you do?
My grandson is coming in an hour.
He didn't betray me.
He did.
My father told me
that you always put business first.
How about...
you give me your grandson
and I'll give you
the container number.
Without that you won't be able
to find the cargo.
Walk with me.
Emma. come. This way.
We will sort it out.
Trust me.
- Sit down.
- Thanks.
- Wait here.
- Yeah.
I got it.
Walk!
Remember Emma?
Spare my family.
Forgive me.
I'll transfer the money
to your father's account. okay?
- Grab those papers. quick.
- I got nearly all of it.
Take this and make it disappear.
Yeah?
Okay. we're leaving!
Fuck it!
Gianpiero!
What are you doing?
We'll see what you're worth
to Don Minu.
I'll smash your face in
if you touch my son!
- Move!
- Where are we going? You bastard!
Let's go!
Get in the car!
It's a pleasure to see you. Don Minu.
Don Minu... Always at your disposal.
- Everything okay?
- Yes. Don Minu. My congratulations.
- Hey.
Perfect timing. I just landed.
Where are we going to meet?
Sierra de Tulipanes. 383.
Colonia Garcia.
Okay. see you soon.
We're almost there.
Miss Lynwood.
Thank you. Roberto.
The boss wants to see you.
Hello.
The money. please.
I usually know the names
of people I deal with.
You can call me Manuel.
Here's 32 million dollars. Manuel.
Thank you.
I need 2.000 kilos in three weeks.
For a shipment headed to Russia.
Can you do that?
Yes. I can.
My phone number.
I'll be in touch.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm